.de EX          \"Begin example
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH ROBODoc "1" "Jul 2006" "ROBODoc 4.99.36"

.SH NAME
ROBODoc \- Extract documentation from source code.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B robodoc
.I --src
<source>
.I --doc
<destination>
.B [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION

ROBODoc extracts specially formated documentation from the source code.
It allows you to maintain a program and its documentation in a single
file.

.SH OPTIONS

.IP -c
Show the copyright message.

.IP --cmode
Use ANSI C grammar in SOURCE items and use this for some syntax 
highlighting (HTML only).

.IP --doc
Define the documentation directory or documentation file.  
A directory should start with a '/' or a './' and 
should not include any '..'.

.IP --src
Define the source directory or source file.  A directory should start
with a '/' or a './' and should not include any '..'.

.IP --ascii
Generate documentation in ASCII format.

.IP --html
Generate documentation in HTML format.

.IP --css
Use to content of the specified file to create the 
.IR robodoc.css .
The content of the file is copied into 
.IR robodoc.css .

.IP --dbxml
Generate documentation in XML DocBook format.

.IP --latex
Generate documentation in LaTeX format.

.IP --rtf
Generate documentation in RTF format.

.IP --index
Create an additional master index file.

.IP --multidoc
Store all documentation in seperate files.

.IP --singledoc
Store all documentation in a single file.

.IP --singlefile
Generate a single document from a single file

.IP --toc
Add a table of contents. This works in multidoc mode as well as singledoc mode.

.IP --internal
Also include headers marked internal.

.IP --internalonly
Only include headers marked internal.

.IP --ignore_case_when_linking
Ignore the case of the symbols when trying to find crosslinks.
In this mode FOO and Foo will be linked to foo.

.IP --footless
Do not create the food of a document.

.IP --headless
Do not create the head of a document.

.IP --lock
Per source file 
.B ROBODoc
locks on the first headermarker it finds and will recognize only that 
particular headermarker for the remaining part of the file.  In addition 
it locks on the first remark marker in each header and will recognize 
only that particular remark marker for the remaining part of the header. 

.IP --nosource
Do not include the SOURCE items.

.IP --nodesc
Do not scan any subdirectories, scan only the top level directory 
of the source tree.

.IP --nopre
Do not use <PRE> and </PRE> in the HTML output, instead based on
the layout of the text create paragraphs, item lists, and 
preformatted sections.

.IP --rc
Use the specified file instead of 
.IR robodoc.rc .
Note that definitions in a configuration file over-ride
built-in settings.

.IP --sections
Create sections based on the module hierarchy.

.IP --tabsize
Lets you specify the tabsize.

.IP --tell
.B ROBODoc 
tells you about every step it takes.

.IP --version
Print version information and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES

.EX
robodoc --src ./ --doc myproject --singledoc --html
.EE

Creates a document called myproject.html from all source files
in the current directory.

.EX
robodoc --src ./myproject/ 
      --doc ./myprojectdoc --multidoc --html --index
.EE

Creates seperate documents for all the source files found in
the directory ./myproject they are stored in the directory ./myprojectdoc.
A master index file called ./myprojectdoc/masterindex.html is also
created.  This provides links to all the individual files.

.SH FILES
.SS "Example headers"
.PP
.nf
\fI/usr/local/share/doc/robodoc/Examples\fR
.fi

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright \(co 1994-2003 Frans Slothouber, Petteri Kettunen, and Jacco van Weert.

.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH AUTHORS

Frans Slothouber, Jacco van Weert, Petteri Kettunen, Bernd Koesling,
Thomas Aglassinger, Anthon Pang, Stefan Kost, David Druffner, Sasha Vasko,
Nathan Prewitt and Dennis Stampfer.

.SH SEE ALSO

The documentation in HTML format that comes with ROBODoc. Latest
version can be found from http://www.xs4all.nl/~rfsber/Robo/ or from
http://sourceforge.net/projects/robodoc/.

.BR robohdrs(1)
